.\" Process this file with
.\" groff -man -Tascii rhc-port-forward.1
.\" 
.TH "RHC_PORT_FORWARD" "1" "NOVEMBER 2012" "Linux" "User Manuals"
.SH "NAME"
rhc port\-forward \- Securely forward ports from your application's remote running services to your local host
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B rhc port\-forward [\-p
.I password
.B ] [\-d] [\-h]
.B [\-l
.I rhlogin
.B ] 
.B [\-\-config
.I config_path
.B ]
.B [\-\-timeout
.I #
.B ]
.I application_name
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.B rhc port\-forward

.I SSH Port Forwarding, 
sometimes called 
.I SSH Tunneling,
allows you to establish a secure connection between 
a local computer and a remote machine through which services can be relayed.

The 
.I rhc port\-forward 
tool uses port forwarding to make the ports from the services on OpenShift server 
where your application is running available on your local machine so it can be used 
just as if it was your machine's port. This port is then available to other programs
on your local host, outside the SSH session.

For example, suppose that your application has the 
MySQL cartridge, which usually runs on port 3306. With 
.I rhc port\-forward 
you could connect to your application's database from a tool 
running locally on your machine, and then perform SQL 
operations on your database like it was running locally (connecting
to a host like 
.I 127.0.250.1:3306 
for example).

The
.I rhc port\-forward
output contains 3 columns. For example:

.nf
Forwarding ports
  Service  Connect to              Forward to
  ======== ================== ==== ==================
  java     127.0.250.129:3528  =>  127.0.250.129:3528
  java     127.0.250.129:4447  =>  127.0.250.129:4447
  java     127.0.250.129:5445  =>  127.0.250.129:5445
  java     127.0.250.129:5455  =>  127.0.250.129:5455
  java     127.0.250.129:8080  =>  127.0.250.129:8080
  java     127.0.250.129:9990  =>  127.0.250.129:9990
  java     127.0.250.129:9999  =>  127.0.250.129:9999
  postgres 127.0.250.129:5432  =>  127.0.250.129:5432
.fi

To connect to the service listening on the port on the host listed in the last column,
open a TCP connection to the host and port listed in the middle column.

.SH "CONSIDERATIONS FOR SCALED APPLICATIONS"
There is a known limitation for scaled applications where
.I rhc port\-forward
is unable to forward some ports.

See https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=876247
.SH "OPTIONS"
.IP "\-l|\-\-rhlogin login"
Red Hat login (RHN or OpenShift login with OpenShift access)
.IP "\-p|\-\-password password"
RHLogin password
.IP "\-a|\-\-app application_name"
Name of remote running application
.IP \-d|\-\-debug
Enable debugging / verbose output
.IP \-h|\-\-help
Display help menu
.IP \-\-config
Alternate full pathname for the config file
.IP \-\-timeout
Timeout value, in seconds, for the connection (default is 10)
.SH "EXAMPLE"
Forwards ports of all services runing on the remote server to your local host:

rhc port\-forward \-l login \-a application_name
.SH "FILES"
.I <ruby_gem_dir>/gems/rhc\-<version>/conf/express.conf
.RS
The RubyGem system wide configuration file. See
.BR express.conf (5)
for further details.
.RE
.I /etc/openshift/express.conf
.RS
The system wide configuration file. See
.BR express.conf (5)
for further details.
.RE
.I ~/.openshift/express.conf
.RS
Per user configuration file. See
.BR express.conf (5)
for further details.
.RE
.SH "BUGS"
Please contact the Red Hat OpenShift team.
Forums: https://openshift.redhat.com/community/forums/openshift
IRC: #openshift on irc.freenode.net
.SH "AUTHOR"
Fabiano Franz <ffranz@redhat.com>, Hiro Asari <hasari@redhat.com>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR rhc\-chk (1),
.BR rhc\-create\-app(1),
.BR rhc\-ctl\-app(1),
.BR rhc\-create\-domain(1),
.BR rhc\-ctl\-domain (1),
.BR rhc\-domain\-info (1),
.BR rhc\-snapshot(1),
.BR rhc\-tail\-files(1),
.BR express.conf(5),
.BR tail(1)
