.\" Process this file with
.\" groff -man -Tascii rhc-app.1
.\" 
.TH "RHC_APP" "1" "JANUARY 2011" "Linux" "User Manuals"
.SH "NAME"
rhc\-app \- Create and manage a rhcloud.com application

.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B rhc app (<command> | --help) [<args>]

.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.B rhc app - 
Creates and controls a rhcloud.com application.  To see
the list of all applications use the
.BR "rhc domain show" (1) 
command.  Note that
.BR destroy
is not reversible and will stop your application and
then remove the application and repo from the remote
server.  No local changes are made.

.SH LIST OF COMMANDS
.IP create
Bind a registered rhcloud user to a domain in rhcloud.
.IP show
Display information about a user
.IP start
Starts the application (includes embedded)
.IP stop
Stops the application (includes embedded)
.IP force-stop
Stops all application processes
.IP restart
Restart the application
.IP reload
Reloads application configuration
.IP status
Returns application status
.IP destroy
Destroys the application. This is not reversible and will stop your application and 
then remove the application and repo from the remote server.  No local changes are made.
.IP tidy
Garbage collects the git repo and empties log/tmp dirs
.IP tail
Tail the logs of an application
.IP snapshot [save|restore]
Saves/Restores an application snapshot to/from a tarball at the location specified using --filepath (default: ./$APPNAME.tar.gz)
.IP cartridge <action> 
Manage an embedded cartridge for the application

.SH LIST OF CARTRIDGE ACTIONS
.IP list
List of supported embedded cartridges
.IP add
Add an embedded application
.IP remove
Remove an embedded application
.IP stop
Stop the embedded application
.IP start
Start the embedded application
.IP restart
Restart the embedded application
.IP status
Returns embedded application status
.IP reload
Reloads embedded application configuration

.SH "OPTIONS"
.IP "\-l|\-\-rhlogin login"
Red Hat login (RHN or OpenShift login with OpenShift access)
.IP "\-p|\-\-password password"
RHLogin password
.IP "\-a|\-\-app application_name"
Name of application to create
.IP "\-t|\-\-type framework_type"
Framework type to create. Currently at least python-2.6, jenkins-1.4, ruby-1.8, diy-0.1, php-5.3, jbossas-7, jbosseap-6.0, and perl-5.10 are supported. To obtain the full, most recent list, use the -h flag.
.IP \-c|\-\-cartridge
Specify the embedded cartrige to add/manage (required for the cartridge command)
.IP \-g|\-\-gear\-size
The size of the gear for this app ([small|medium], defaults to small)
.IP \-r|\-\-repo
Git Repo path (defaults to ./$app_name) (applicable to the create command)
.IP \-n|\-\-nogit
Only create remote space, don't pull it locally (applicable to the create command)
.IP \-\-no-dns
Skip DNS check. Must be used in combination with \-\-nogit
.IP \-f|\-\-filepath
Applicable in case of snapshot, restore, and log command
.IP \-o|\-\-opts
Options to pass to the server-side (linux based) tail command (applicable to tail command only) (-f is implicit.  See the linux tail man page full list of options.) (Ex: --opts '-n 100')
.IP \-b|\-\-bypass
Bypass any TOS/SLA warnings and notifications
.IP \-d|\-\-debug
Enable debugging / verbose output
.IP \-h|\-\-help
Display help menu
.IP \-\-config
Alternate full pathname for the config file
.IP \-\-timeout
Timeout value, in seconds, for the connection (default is 10)
.IP \-\-enable-jenkins
Indicates to create a Jenkins application (if not already available)
and embed the Jenkins client into this application.  The default 
name will be 'jenkins' if not specified. Note that --no-dns is ignored
for the creation of the Jenkins application.

.SH "FILES"
.I <ruby_gem_dir>/gems/rhc\-<version>/conf/express.conf
.RS
The RubyGem system wide configuration file. See
.BR express.conf (5)
for further details.
.RE
.I /etc/openshift/express.conf
.RS
The system wide configuration file. See
.BR express.conf (5)
for further details.
.RE
.I ~/.openshift/express.conf
.RS
Per user configuration file. See
.BR express.conf (5)
for further details.
.RE

.SH "BUGS"
Please contact the Red Hat OpenShift team.
Forums: https://openshift.redhat.com/community/forums/openshift
IRC: #openshift on irc.freenode.net

.SH "AUTHOR"
Mike McGrath <mmcgrath@redhat.com>, Jim Jagielski <jimjag@redhat.com>

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR rhc-domain (1),
.BR rhc-sshkey (1),
.BR express.conf (5)
