.\" Process this file with
.\" groff -man -Tascii rhc-sshkey.1
.\" 
.TH "RHC_SSHKEY" "1" "SEPTEMBER 2012" "Linux" "User Manuals"
.SH "NAME"
rhc\-sshkey \- Manage multiple keys for the registered rhcloud user.

.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B rhc sshkey (<command> | --help) [<args>]

.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.B rhc sshkey - Manage multiple keys for the registered rhcloud user.

.SH LIST OF COMMANDS
.IP list
Display all the SSH keys for the user account
.IP show
Display the SSH key with the given name
.IP add
Add SSH key to the user account 
.IP remove
Remove SSH key from the user account

.SH "OPTIONS"
.IP "\-l|\-\-rhlogin login"
Red Hat login (RHN or OpenShift login with OpenShift access)
.IP "\-p|\-\-password password"
RHLogin password
.IP \-d|\-\-debug
Enable debugging / verbose output
.IP \-h|\-\-help
Display help menu
.IP \-\-config
Alternate full pathname for the config file. See
.BR express.conf (5)
for further details.
.IP \-\-timeout
Timeout value, in seconds, for the connection (default is 10)

.SH "COMMANDS"
.SS "list"
List known SSH keys. This is the default action.
.SS "show <name>"
Display the SSH key with the given name.
.SS "add <name> <file>"
Add the SSH public key specified by
.B "<file>"
as
.B "<name>"
The command fails if a key with the same name or a key with identical content already exists on this account.
.SS "remove <name>"
Removes the SSH key from the account.

.SH "FILES"
.I <ruby_gem_dir>/gems/rhc\-<version>/conf/express.conf
.RS
The RubyGem system wide configuration file. See
.BR express.conf (5)
for further details.
.RE
.I /etc/openshift/express.conf
.RS
The system wide configuration file. See
.BR express.conf (5)
for further details.
.RE
.I ~/.openshift/express.conf
.RS
Per user configuration file. See
.BR express.conf (5)
for further details.
.RE

.SH "BUGS"
Please contact the Red Hat OpenShift team.
Forums: https://openshift.redhat.com/community/forums/openshift
IRC: #openshift on irc.freenode.net

.SH "AUTHOR"
Mike McGrath <mmcgrath@redhat.com>, Jim Jagielski <jimjag@redhat.com>, Hiro Asari <hasari@redhat.com>

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR rhc-app (1),
.BR rhc-domain (1),
.BR express.conf (5)