.\" Process this file with
.\" groff -man -Tascii rhc-ctl-domain.1
.\"
.TH "RHC_CTL_DOMAIN" "1" "JANUARY 2012" "Linux" "User Manuals"
.SH "NAME"
rhc-ctl-domain \- Manage a rhcloud domain.

.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B rhc-ctl-domain [-l
.I rhlogin
.B ]
.B [-p
.I password
.B ] [-d] [-h]
.B [-n
.I namespace
.B ] ( -a
.I key-name
.B [-k
.I ssh-pubkey
.B ] | -u 
.I key-name
.B [-k
.I ssh-pubkey
.B ] | -r 
.I key-name
.B | --destroy )

.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.B rhc-ctl-domain
Manage the domain including multiple ssh keys.  To list
the SSH keys use the .BR rhc-domain-info (1) command.

.SH "OPTIONS"
.IP "-l|--rhlogin login"
Red Hat login (RHN or OpenShift login with OpenShift access)
.IP "-p|--password password"
RHLogin password
.IP "-n|--namespace namespace"
Namespace for your application(s) (alphanumeric - max 16 chars) (required for destroying domain)
.IP "-a|--add-ssh-key key-name"
Add SSH key to the user account (key-name is the user-specified identifier for the key)
.IP "-u|--update-ssh-key key-name"
Update SSH key for the user account (key-name is the user-specified identifier for the key)
.IP "-r|--remove-ssh-key key-name"
Remove SSH key from the user account (key-name is the user-specified identifier for the key)
.IP -d|--debug
Enable debugging / verbose output
.IP -h|--help
Display help menu

.SH "FILES"
.I <ruby_gem_dir>/gems/rhc-<version>/conf/express.conf
.RS
The RubyGem system wide configuration file. See
.BR express.conf (5)
for further details.
.RE
.I /etc/openshift/express.conf
.RS
The system wide configuration file. See
.BR express.conf (5)
for further details.
.RE
.I ~/.openshift/express.conf
.RS
Per user configuration file. See
.BR express.conf (5)
for further details.
.RE

.SH "BUGS"
Please contact the Red Hat OpenShift team.
Forums: https://openshift.redhat.com/community/forums/openshift
IRC: #openshift on irc.freenode.net

.SH "AUTHOR"
Mike McGrath <mmcgrath@redhat.com>, Jim Jagielski <jimjag@redhat.com>

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR rhc-chk (1),
.BR rhc-create-domain (1),
.BR rhc-domain-info (1),
.BR rhc-create-app (1),
.BR rhc-ctl-app (1),
.BR rhc-snapshot(1),
.BR rhc-port-forward(1),
.BR express.conf (5)
