.\" Process this file with
.\" groff -man -Tascii rhc-domain.1
.\" 
.TH "RHC_DOMAIN" "1" "JANUARY 2011" "Linux" "User Manuals"
.SH "NAME"
rhc\-domain \- Manage a domain in rhcloud for a registered rhcloud user.

.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B rhc domain (<command> | --help) [<args>]

.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.B rhc domain - Manage a domain in rhcloud for a registered rhcloud user.

.SH LIST OF COMMANDS
.IP create
Bind a registered rhcloud user to a domain in rhcloud.
.IP show
Display domain information and list the applications within the domain 
.IP update 
Update the namespace with new urls (will change urls).
.IP status
Run a simple check on local configs and credentials to confirm tools are properly setup.
.IP delete
Deletes the domain and any added ssh keys

.SH "OPTIONS"
.IP "\-l|\-\-rhlogin login"
Red Hat login (RHN or OpenShift login with OpenShift access)
.IP "\-p|\-\-password password"
RHLogin password
.IP "\-n|\-\-namespace namespace"
Name of the namespace to create/destroy
.IP \-d|\-\-debug
Enable debugging / verbose output
.IP \-h|\-\-help
Display help menu
.IP \-\-config
Alternate full pathname for the config file
.IP \-\-timeout
Timeout value, in seconds, for the connection (default is 10)

.SH "FILES"
.I <ruby_gem_dir>/gems/rhc\-<version>/conf/express.conf
.RS
The RubyGem system wide configuration file. See
.BR express.conf (5)
for further details.
.RE
.I /etc/openshift/express.conf
.RS
The system wide configuration file. See
.BR express.conf (5)
for further details.
.RE
.I ~/.openshift/express.conf
.RS
Per user configuration file. See
.BR express.conf (5)
for further details.
.RE

.SH "BUGS"
Please contact the Red Hat OpenShift team.
Forums: https://openshift.redhat.com/community/forums/openshift
IRC: #openshift on irc.freenode.net

.SH "AUTHOR"
Mike McGrath <mmcgrath@redhat.com>, Jim Jagielski <jimjag@redhat.com>

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR rhc-app (1),
.BR rhc-sshkey (1),
.BR express.conf (5)
