.\" Process this file with
.\" groff -man -Tascii rhc.1
.\"
.TH RHC 1 "NOVEMBER 2013" Linux "User Manuals"
.SH NAME
rhc \- Command line tool for performing operations related to your OpenShift account
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B rhc (<resource> | --help) [<command>] [<args>]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B rhc
Command line tool for performing operations related to your OpenShift account.

.SH LIST OF RESOURCES
.TP
.PD 1
.B account
Display details about your account
.TP
.PD 1
.B alias
Add or remove a custom domain name for the application
.TP
.PD 1
.B app
Create and manage an application
.TP
.PD 1
.B apps
List all your applications
.TP
.PD 1
.B authorization
Show the authorization tokens for your account
.TP
.PD 1
.B cartridge
Manage your application cartridges
.TP
.PD 1
.B deployment
Manage your application's deployments
.TP
.PD 1
.B domain
Manage a domain for a registered user
.TP
.PD 1
.B env
Manage user-defined environment variables set on a given application
.TP
.PD 1
.B git-clone
Clone and configure an application's repository locally
.TP
.PD 1
.B logout
Logout from the current session
.TP
.PD 1
.B member|members
Manage membership on domains
.TP
.PD 1
.B port-forward
Forward remote ports to the workstation
.TP
.PD 1
.B scp
Secure copy to upload or download a file to or from an application
.TP
.PD 1
.B server
Display information about the status of the service
.TP
.PD 1
.B setup
Run the setup wizard to configure your account
.TP
.PD 1
.B snapshot
Manage applications snapshots
.TP
.PD 1
.B ssh
SSH into the specified application
.TP
.PD 1
.B sshkey
Manage multiple keys for the registered OpenShift user
.TP
.PD 1
.B tail
Tail files from remote running applications in real\-time
.TP
.PD 1
.B threaddump
Trigger a thread dump for JBoss and Ruby applications
.TP
.PD 1
.B \-h|\-\-help|help
Display help menu

.SH FILES
.I <ruby_gem_dir>/gems/rhc-<version>/conf/express.conf
.RS
The RubyGem system wide configuration file. See
.BR express.conf (5)
for further details.
.RE
.I /etc/openshift/express.conf
.RS
The system wide configuration file. See
.BR express.conf (5)
for further details.
.RE
.I ~/.openshift/express.conf
.RS
Per user configuration file. See
.BR express.conf (5)
for further details.
.RE

.SH BUGS
Please contact the Red Hat OpenShift team.
Forums: https://openshift.redhat.com/community/forums/openshift
IRC: #openshift on irc.freenode.net

.SH AUTHOR
Mike McGrath <mmcgrath@redhat.com>, Jim Jagielski <jimjag@redhat.com>, Marek Mahut <mmahut@redhat.com>

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR express.conf (5)
