.\" Process this file with
.\" groff -man -Tascii express.conf.5
.\"
.TH express.conf 5 "JANUARY 2011" Linux "User Manuals"
.SH NAME
express.conf \- configuration file for OpenShift Express
.SH SYNOPSIS
Search order (on a per variable basis):

1) ~/.openshift/express.conf (Created on first usage of rhc client tools and can be customized per system user)

2) /etc/openshift/express.conf (RPM install path)

3) <ruby_gem_dir>/gems/rhc-<version>/conf/express.conf (RubyGem install path)
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B express.conf
contains the following configuration params:

.I libra_server
The server the rhc client tools communicate with i.e. 
.B https://openshift.redhat.com

.I ssh_key_file
The name of the rsa key file used with your OpenShift applications. File 
should exist under ~/.ssh along with corresponding <ssh_key_file>.pub.  
The defaults if not specified are libra_id_rsa followed by id_rsa.  Ex:
.B libra_id_rsa

.I debug
Boolean indicating whether debug should always be enabled for the rhc client tools

.I default_rhlogin
The default rhc client tools rhlogin.  Used as the default when the -l argument is not passed to each of the client tools.

.SH FILES
.I <ruby_gem_dir>/gems/rhc-<version>/conf/express.conf
.RS
The RubyGem system wide configuration file.
.RE
.I /etc/openshift/express.conf
.RS
The system wide configuration file.
.RE
.I ~/.openshift/express.conf
.RS
Per user configuration file.
.RE
.I ~/.ssh/config
.RS
SSH Config file is altered automatically to create support for
newly created OpenShift hosts.  Should be harmless.  See
.BR ssh_config (5)
for more information.
.RE
.I ~/.ssh/libra_id_rsa
.RS
SSH key created by rhc-create-domain to interact with OpenShift Express services
see
.BR ssh-keygen (1)
for more information
.RE
.SH BUGS
Please contact the Red Hat OpenShift team.
Forums: http://www.redhat.com/openshift/
IRC: #openshift on irc.freenode.net
.SH AUTHOR
Mike McGrath <mmcgrath@redhat.com>, Jim Jagielski <jimjag@redhat.com>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR rhc-create-domain (1),
.BR rhc-ctl-app (1),
.BR rhc-snapshot(1),
.BR rhc-user-info(1),
.BR rhc-tail-files (1),
.BR rhc-create-app (1)
