.\" Process this file with
.\" groff -man -Tascii rhc-sshkey.1
.\" 
.TH "RHC_SSHKEY" "1" "JANUARY 2011" "Linux" "User Manuals"
.SH "NAME"
rhc\-sshkey \- Manage multiple keys for the registered rhcloud user.

.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B rhc sshkey (<command> | --help) [<args>]

.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.B rhc sshkey - Manage multiple keys for the registered rhcloud user.

.SH LIST OF COMMANDS
.IP list
Display all the SSH keys for the user account
.IP add
Add SSH key to the user account 
.IP update
Update SSH key for the user account
.IP remove
Remove SSH key from the user account

.SH "OPTIONS"
.IP "\-l|\-\-rhlogin login"
Red Hat login (RHN or OpenShift login with OpenShift access)
.IP "\-p|\-\-password password"
RHLogin password

.IP "\-i|\-\-identifier key-name"
User-specified identifier for the key
.IP "\-k|\-\-ssh key-filepath" 
SSH public key filepath 
.IP \-d|\-\-debug
Enable debugging / verbose output
.IP \-h|\-\-help
Display help menu
.IP \-\-config
Alternate full pathname for the config file
.IP \-\-timeout
Timeout value, in seconds, for the connection (default is 10)

.SH "FILES"
.I <ruby_gem_dir>/gems/rhc\-<version>/conf/express.conf
.RS
The RubyGem system wide configuration file. See
.BR express.conf (5)
for further details.
.RE
.I /etc/openshift/express.conf
.RS
The system wide configuration file. See
.BR express.conf (5)
for further details.
.RE
.I ~/.openshift/express.conf
.RS
Per user configuration file. See
.BR express.conf (5)
for further details.
.RE

.SH "BUGS"
Please contact the Red Hat OpenShift team.
Forums: http://www.redhat.com/openshift/
IRC: #openshift on irc.freenode.net

.SH "AUTHOR"
Mike McGrath <mmcgrath@redhat.com>, Jim Jagielski <jimjag@redhat.com>

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR rhc-app (1),
.BR rhc-domain (1),
.BR express.conf (5)