.\" Process this file with
.\" groff -man -Tascii rhc-ctl-app.1
.\" 
.TH "RHC_CTL_APP" "1" "JANUARY 2011" "Linux" "User Manuals"
.SH "NAME"
rhc\-ctl\-app \- Control an existing rhcloud.com application
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B rhc\-ctl\-app [\-l
.I rhlogin
.B ]
.B [\-p
.I password
.B ] [\-b] [\-d] [\-h]
.B [\-e
.I embed_action
.B ] [\-L
.I embedded\-list
.B ] [\-c 
.I command
.B ]
.B [\-\-alias
.I server_alias
.B ]
.B [\-\-config
.I config_path
.B ]
.B [\-\-timeout
.I #
.B ] \-a
.I application_name
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.B rhc\-ctl\-app
controls an existing rhcloud.com application.  To create
an application use the
.BR rhc\-create\-app (1)
command.

.BR command
options include start, stop, restart, reload, status, tidy and
destroy.  Note that
.BR destroy
is not reversible and will stop and remove the 
application and repo from the remote server.  No 
local changes are made.

.SH "OPTIONS"
.IP "\-l|\-\-rhlogin login"
Red Hat login (RHN or OpenShift login with OpenShift access)
.IP "\-p|\-\-password password"
RHLogin password
.IP "\-a|\-\-app application_name"
Name of application to create
.IP "\-c|\-\-command command"
The command to send to remote server (start|stop|force\-stop|restart|reload|status|destroy|tidy|add\-alias|remove\-alias|threaddump)
.br 
start \- Starts the application (includes embedded)
.br 
stop \- Stops the application (includes embedded)
.br 
force\-stop \- Stops all application processes
.br 
restart \- Restart the application
.br 
reload \- Reloads application configuration
.br 
status \- Returns application status
.br 
destroy \- Destroys the application
.br 
tidy \- Garbage collects the git repo and empties log/tmp dirs
.br 
add\-alias \- Add a custom domain name for the application
.br 
remove\-alias \- Remove a custom domain name for the application
.br
threaddump \- Trigger a thread dump for jbossas, jbosseap, and ruby applications
.IP "\-e|\-\-embed embed_action"
The action to add or remove an embedded cartridge (add|remove|stop|start|restart|status|reload)\-$cartridge. Ex: add\-mysql\-5.1
.br 
add \- Add an embedded application
.br 
remove \- Remove an embedded application
.br 
stop \- Stop the embedded application
.br 
start \- Start the embedded application
.br 
restart \- Restart the embedded application
.br 
status \- Returns embedded application status
.br 
reload \- Reloads embedded application configuration
.IP "\-L|\-\-embedded\-list embedded\-list"
List of supported embedded cartridges
.IP \-b|\-\-bypass
Bypass any TOS/SLA warnings and notifications
.IP \-d|\-\-debug
Enable debugging / verbose output
.IP \-h|\-\-help
Display help menu
.IP \-\-alias
Specify server alias (when using add/remove\-alias)
.IP \-\-config
Alternate full pathname for the config file
.IP \-\-timeout
Timeout value, in seconds, for the connection (default is 10)
.SH "FILES"
.I <ruby_gem_dir>/gems/rhc\-<version>/conf/express.conf
.RS
The RubyGem system wide configuration file. See
.BR express.conf (5)
for further details.
.RE
.I /etc/openshift/express.conf
.RS
The system wide configuration file. See
.BR express.conf (5)
for further details.
.RE
.I ~/.openshift/express.conf
.RS
Per user configuration file. See
.BR express.conf (5)
for further details.
.RE
.SH "BUGS"
Please contact the Red Hat OpenShift team.
Forums: http://www.redhat.com/openshift/
IRC: #openshift on irc.freenode.net
.SH "AUTHOR"
Mike McGrath <mmcgrath@redhat.com>, Jim Jagielski <jimjag@redhat.com>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR rhc\-chk (1),
.BR rhc\-create\-domain (1),
.BR rhc\-ctl\-domain (1),
.BR rhc\-domain\-info (1),
.BR rhc\-create\-app (1),
.BR rhc\-snapshot(1),
.BR rhc\-tail\-files(1),
.BR rhc\-port\-forward(1),
.BR express.conf (5)
