.\" Process this file with
.\" groff -man -Tascii rhc-snapshot.1
.\" 
.TH "RHC_SNAPSHOT" "1" "JANUARY 2011" "Linux" "User Manuals"
.SH "NAME"
rhc\-snapshot \- Pulls down an application snapshot as gzipped tarfile
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B rhc\-snapshot [\-p
.I password
.B ]
.B [\-s
.I pathname
.B ] [\-r
.I pathname
.B ][\-d] [\-h]
.B [\-l
.I rhlogin
.B ]
.B [\-\-config
.I config_path
.B ]
.B [\-\-timeout
.I #
.B ] \-a
.I application_name
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.B rhc\-snapshot
pulls down an application snapshot as gzipped tarfile.  To create
an application use the
.BR rhc\-create\-app (1)
command.
.SH "OPTIONS"
.IP "\-l|\-\-rhlogin login"
Red Hat login (RHN or OpenShift login with OpenShift access)
.IP "\-p|\-\-password password"
RHLogin password
.IP "\-a|\-\-app application_name"
Name of application to snapshot
.IP "\-s|\-\-save pathname"
Saves entire application in an archive.  Pathname default:
.I ./<app_name>.ta r.gz
.IP "\-r|\-\-restore pathname"
Restores git and application data folders found in archive. Pathname example:
.I ./<app_name>.ta r.gz 
Note: If you create this archive rather than export with rhc\-snapshot, be sure
the directory structure inside the archive starts with ./<app_uuid>/
i.e.: tar \-czvf <app_name>.ta r.gz ./<app_uuid>/
.IP \-d|\-\-debug
Enable debugging / verbose output
.IP \-h|\-\-help
Display help menu
.IP \-\-config
Alternate full pathname for the config file
.IP \-\-timeout
Timeout value, in seconds, for the connection (default is 10)
.SH "FILES"
.I <ruby_gem_dir>/gems/rhc\-<version>/conf/express.conf
.RS
The RubyGem system wide configuration file. See
.BR express.conf (5)
for further details.
.RE
.I /etc/openshift/express.conf
.RS
The system wide configuration file. See
.BR express.conf (5)
for further details.
.RE
.I ~/.openshift/express.conf
.RS
Per user configuration file. See
.BR express.conf (5)
for further details.
.RE
.SH "BUGS"
Please contact the Red Hat OpenShift team.
Forums: http://www.redhat.com/openshift/
IRC: #openshift on irc.freenode.net
.SH "AUTHOR"
Mike McGrath <mmcgrath@redhat.com>, Jim Jagielski <jimjag@redhat.com>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR rhc\-chk (1),
.BR rhc\-create\-app (1),
.BR rhc\-ctl\-app (1),
.BR rhc\-create\-domain(1),
.BR rhc\-ctl\-domain (1),
.BR rhc\-domain\-info (1),
.BR rhc\-tail\-files(1),
.BR rhc\-port\-forward(1),
.BR express.conf (5)
