.\" Process this file with
.\" groff -man -Tascii rhc-chk.1
.\"
.TH RHC_CHK 1 "JANUARY 2011" Linux "User Manuals"
.SH NAME
rhc-chk \- Diagnoses the connection between this client and the OpenShift servers
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B rhc-chk [-p
.I password
.B ] [-d] [-h]
.B [-l
.I rhlogin
.B ]
.B [--config
.I config_path
.B ]
.B [--timeout
.I #
.B ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B rhc-chk
diagnoses the connection between this client and the OpenShift servers.
.SH OPTIONS
.IP "-l|--rhlogin login"
Red Hat login (RHN or OpenShift login with OpenShift Express access)
.IP "-p|--password password"
RHLogin password
.IP -d|--debug
Enable debugging / verbose output
.IP -h|--help
Display help menu
.IP --config
Alternate full pathname for the config file
.IP --timeout
Timeout value, in seconds, for the connection (default is 10)
.SH FILES
.I <ruby_gem_dir>/gems/rhc-<version>/conf/express.conf
.RS
The RubyGem system wide configuration file. See
.BR express.conf (5)
for further details.
.RE
.I /etc/openshift/express.conf
.RS
The system wide configuration file. See
.BR express.conf (5)
for further details.
.RE
.I ~/.openshift/express.conf
.RS
Per user configuration file. See
.BR express.conf (5)
for further details.
.RE
.SH BUGS
Please contact the Red Hat OpenShift team.
Forums: http://www.redhat.com/openshift/
IRC: #openshift on irc.freenode.net
.SH AUTHOR
Mike McGrath <mmcgrath@redhat.com>, Jim Jagielski <jimjag@redhat.com>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR rhc-create-app (1),
.BR rhc-ctl-app (1),
.BR rhc-snapshot(1),
.BR rhc-create-domain(1),
.BR rhc-tail-files(1),
.BR rhc-user-info(1),
.BR express.conf (5)
