.\" Process this file with
.\" groff -man -Tascii rhc-tail-files.1
.\"
.TH RHC_TAIL_FILES 1 "MAY 2011" Linux "User Manuals"
.SH NAME
rhc-tail-files \- Tail files from remote running applications in real-time
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B rhc-tail-files [-p
.I password
.B ]
.B [-f
.I pathname
.B ] [-d] [-h]
.B [-l
.I rhlogin
.B ] [-o
.I options
.B ]-a
.I application_name
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B rhc-tail-files
connects to a remote running application and tail's files in
real-time.  This is very useful for watching logs.
.SH OPTIONS
.IP "-l|--rhlogin login"
Red Hat login (RHN or OpenShift login with OpenShift Express access)
.IP "-p|--password password"
RHLogin password
.IP "-a|--app application_name"
Name of remote running application
.IP "-f|--files"
Relative file path glob.  Default: <application_name>/logs/*
.IP "-o|--opts options"
Options to pass to the server-side (linux based) tail command (-f is implicit.  See the linux tail man page full list of options.) (Ex: --opts '-n 100')
Note: Options not supported by the rhcloud server will result in an error.
.IP -d|--debug
Enable debugging / verbose output
.IP -h|--help
Display help menu
.SH FILES
.I <ruby_gem_dir>/gems/rhc-<version>/conf/express.conf
.RS
The RubyGem system wide configuration file. See
.BR express.conf (5)
for further details.
.RE
.I /etc/openshift/express.conf
.RS
The system wide configuration file. See
.BR express.conf (5)
for further details.
.RE
.I ~/.openshift/express.conf
.RS
Per user configuration file. See
.BR express.conf (5)
for further details.
.RE
.SH BUGS
Please contact the Red Hat OpenShift team.
Forums: http://www.redhat.com/openshift/
IRC: #openshift on irc.freenode.net
.SH AUTHOR
Mike McGrath <mmcgrath@redhat.com>, Jim Jagielski <jimjag@redhat.com>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR rhc-create-app(1),
.BR rhc-ctl-app(1),
.BR rhc-create-domain(1),
.BR rhc-user-info(1),
.BR rhc-snapshot(1),
.BR express.conf(5),
.BR tail(1)