.\" Process this file with
.\" groff -man -Tascii rhc-create-app.1
.\" 
.TH "RHC_CREATE_APP" "1" "JANUARY 2011" "Linux" "User Manuals"
.SH "NAME"
rhc\-create\-app \- creates a new hosted application at
rhcloud.com
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B rhc\-create\-app [\-l
.I rhlogin
.B ]
.B [\-p
.I password
.B ]
.B [\-r
.I local_repo_path
.B ]
.B [\-g
.I gear_size
.B ]
.B [\-d] [\-h] [\-n] [\-s]
.B [\-\-config
.I config_path
.B ]
.B [\-\-timeout
.I #
.B ]
.B [\-\-no\-dns]
.B [\-\-enable\-jenkins [
.I name
.B ]]
.B \-a
.I application_name
.B \-t
.I framework_type
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.B rhc\-create\-app
create a new application at rhcloud.com. Once
created the application will be available at
.B app_name\-namespace.rhcloud.com

At the moment the only repo type supported is
git.  Git pushes via ssh+git and uses
.I ~/.ssh/libra_id_rsa
which was created automatically when
.I rhc\-create\-domain
was run. Once an application has been created,
.BR rhc\-ctl\-app (1)
actually allows control of that application
including starting, stopping and destroying
the application. To update a new application, cd to the newly
created repo directory (specified by
.BR \-r|\-\-repo
) then make your changes and run
.BR git
.BR push
.BR origin
.BR master
.SH "OPTIONS"
.IP "\-l|\-\-rhlogin login"
Red Hat login (RHN or OpenShift login with OpenShift access)
.IP "\-p|\-\-password password"
RHLogin password
.IP "\-a|\-\-app application_name"
Name of application to create.  Applications will be created as <application_name>\-<namespace>.rhcloud.com (alphanumeric \- max 16 chars)
.IP "\-r|\-\-repo repo_path"
Local repo to create (must be empty)
.IP "\-g|\-\-gear\-size gear_size"
The amount of resources available to this application upon creation.  Currently small (default), medium and large are supported.
.IP "\-t|\-\-type framework_type"
Framework type to create.  Currently at least php\-5.3, python\-2.6, and ruby\-1.8 are supported. To obtain the full, most recent list, use the \-h flag.
.IP \-d|\-\-debug
Enable debugging / verbose output
.IP \-h|\-\-help
Display help menu
.IP \-n|\-\-nogit
Do not 'git clone' default git repo from server
.IP \-s|\-\-scaling
Enable scaling for this application. This must be specified when you create the application. Scaled applications cannot be converted to non\-scaled applications. At least nodejs\-0.6, jbossas\-7, php\-5.3, perl\-5.10, python\-2.6, and ruby\-1.8 applications can be scaled. OpenShift currently only supports mysql\-5.1 and jenkins\-client\-1.4 as embedded cartridges in scaled applications.
.IP "\-\-config config_path"
Alternate full pathname for the config file
.IP \-\-timeout
Timeout value, in seconds, for client\-server connections (default is 20), and for server read operations (default is 120). This option affects both timeout parameters, but cannot be used to specify a timeout less than the default. For example, \-\-timeout 50 sets the connection timeout to 50 seconds, but has no affect on the read timeout.
.IP \-\-no\-dns
Skip the DNS checks for your new app.  Must be used in combination with \-\-nogit
.IP "\-\-enable\-jenkins [name]"
Indicates to create a Jenkins application (if not already available)
and embed the Jenkins client into this application.  The default 
name will be 'jenkins' if not specified. Note that \-\-no\-dns is ignored
for the creation of the Jenkins application.  Specifying a name with
an existing Jenkins application is also ignored.  If a Jenkins application
is already available it must be running for this option to succeed.
.SH "FILES"
.I <ruby_gem_dir>/gems/rhc\-<version>/conf/express.conf
.RS
The RubyGem system wide configuration file. See
.BR express.conf (5)
for further details.
.RE
.I /etc/openshift/express.conf
.RS
The system wide configuration file. See
.BR express.conf (5)
for further details.
.RE
.I ~/.openshift/express.conf
.RS
Per user configuration file. See
.BR express.conf (5)
for further details.
.RE
.I ~/.ssh/config
.RS
SSH Config file is altered automatically to create support for
newly created OpenShift hosts.  Should be harmless.  See
.BR ssh_config (5)
for more information.
.RE
.I ~/.ssh/libra_id_rsa
.RS
SSH key created by rhc\-create\-domain to interact with OpenShift services
see
.BR ssh\-keygen (1)
for more information
.RE
.SH "BUGS"
Please contact the Red Hat OpenShift team.
Forums: http://www.redhat.com/openshift/
IRC: #openshift on irc.freenode.net
.SH "AUTHOR"
Mike McGrath <mmcgrath@redhat.com>, Jim Jagielski <jimjag@redhat.com>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR rhc\-chk (1),
.BR rhc\-create\-domain (1),
.BR rhc\-ctl\-domain (1),
.BR rhc\-domain\-info (1),
.BR rhc\-ctl\-app (1),
.BR rhc\-snapshot(1),
.BR rhc\-tail\-files (1),
.BR rhc\-port\-forward(1),
.BR express.conf (5)
