.\" Process this file with
.\" groff -man -Tascii rhc-ctl-app.1
.\"
.TH RHC_CTL_APP 1 "JANUARY 2011" Linux "User Manuals"
.SH NAME
rhc-ctl-app \- Control an existing rhcloud.com application
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B rhc-ctl-app [-l
.I rhlogin
.B ]
.B [-p
.I password
.B ] [-b] [-d] [-h]
.B [-e
.I embed_action
.B ] [-L
.I embedded-list
.B ] [-c 
.I command
.B ] -a
.I application_name
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B rhc-ctl-app
controls an existing rhcloud.com application.  To create
an application use the
.BR rhc-create-app (1)
command.

.BR command
options include start, stop, restart, reload, status and
destroy.  Note that
.BR destroy
is not reversable and will stop your application from
then remove the application and repo from the remote
server.  No local changes are made.

.SH OPTIONS
.IP "-l|--rhlogin login"
Red Hat login (RHN or OpenShift login with OpenShift Express access)
.IP "-p|--password password"
RHLogin password
.IP "-a|--app application_name"
Name of application to create
.IP "-c|--command command"
The command to send to remote server (start|stop|restart|reload|status|destroy)
.IP "-e|--embed embed_action"
The action to add or remove an embedded cartridge (add-$cartridge|remove-$cartridge). Ex: add-mysql-5.1
.IP "-L|--embedded-list embedded-list"
List of supported embedded cartridges
.IP -b|--bypass
Bypass any TOS/SLA warnings and notifications
.IP -d|--debug
Enable debugging / verbose output
.IP -h|--help
Display help menu
.SH FILES
.I <ruby_gem_dir>/gems/rhc-<version>/conf/express.conf
.RS
The RubyGem system wide configuration file. See
.BR express.conf (5)
for further details.
.RE
.I /etc/openshift/express.conf
.RS
The system wide configuration file. See
.BR express.conf (5)
for further details.
.RE
.I ~/.openshift/express.conf
.RS
Per user configuration file. See
.BR express.conf (5)
for further details.
.RE
.SH BUGS
Please contact the Red Hat OpenShift team.
Forums: http://www.redhat.com/openshift/
IRC: #openshift on irc.freenode.net
.SH AUTHOR
Mike McGrath <mmcgrath@redhat.com>, Jim Jagielski <jimjag@redhat.com>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR rhc-create-domain (1),
.BR rhc-create-app (1),
.BR rhc-snapshot(1),
.BR rhc-user-info(1),
.BR rhc-tail-files(1),
.BR express.conf (5)
